A note about BOM versioning approach for SDK dependencies (#511)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/extensions/extension-library/curconv/currency-conversion.mdx

Add the dependency in your pom.xml file under the existing *dependencies* tag as follows:

:::note Dependency version is handled via Cloud SDK BOM

> When used as part of Cloud SDK for Java the version of extension dependencies is managed via BOM of Cloud SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your project uses the SDK Bill-of-Material (BOM `sdk-modules-bom` in the dependencyManagement section, then you can omit the `version` tag. Otherwise, mention the latest SAP Cloud SDK version in the `version´ tag.
```
